Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-ifb104-building-it-systems-assignment-1-part-a-b-billboard
<br>
MotivationOne of the most basic functions of any IT system is to process a given data set to produce some form of human-readable output. This assignment requires you to produce a visual image by following instructions stored in a list. It tests your abilities to:• Process lists of data values;• Design a solution to a computational problem;• Display information in a visual form; and• Produce maintainable, reusable code.GoalAdvertising billboards are a familiar, if annoying, feature of the urban landscape. Today many such billboards are electronic, although there are still plenty of traditional ones consisting of several rectangular sheets of paper pasted onto a wooden backing board.

In this assignment you are required to develop a Python 3 program which processes data stored in a list to display a specific arrangement of sheets on a billboard. Each sheet must be a distinct part of a single overall image. Just like a hapless worker pasting up sheets on a real billboard, your “virtual” sheets can be placed in the wrong location and may even be pasted upside down.To complete this assignment you will need to use basic Python features and the Turtle graphics module. You must also design four billboard sheets which, when pasted in the correct locations and orientations, align to produce a single picture. The picture must be non-trivial, and must span all four sheets, but otherwise you have a free choice of what to draw, e.g.,• an advertisement for a commerical product (real or fictional),• a public service announcement,• a political advertisement,• corporate or sporting logos,• a portrait of an individual (real or fictional),• a landscape painting, or• any other picture you like!Most importantly, you are not limited to the types of images normally found on billboards.Any recognisable image will do!To “paste” the individual sheets as specified in the given data sets, you must develop your code  so that each sheet can be drawn in any of four different locations on the drawing canvas and in either of two different orientations. You should give thought to how to do this efficiently before you start drawing your image using Turtle graphics. Simply drawing an image at fixed coordinates on the canvas will not allow you to relocate and reorient it later on.

Resources providedA template Python 3 program, billboard.py, is provided with these instructions. When run it creates a drawing canvas and displays a simple background image on which you will draw your billboard sheets. The image drawn by the initial template appears as follows.The billboard’s backing is divided into four locations for pasting up sheets. Each sheet must be a rectangle measuring 200 ´ 500 pixels. The centrepoint of each location has been marked to help you position your images as you develop your program. Your sheets must fit precisely into the four locations indicated.The provided template file also contains several data sets, in the form of lists, which specify how you must arrange the sheets when drawing them. These instruction lists each contain two types of data:• An initial value, either ‘O’ or ‘X’, whose purpose will be revealed only in the second part of the assigment. You should ignore it while developing your solution to Part A.• Instructions saying how to paste up each individual sheet. Each such instruction is itself a list containing three values:o The name of the sheet to be pasted up, from ‘Sheet A’ to ‘Sheet D’.o The location on the billboard’s backing where the sheet is to be pasted, from ‘Location 1’ to ‘Location 4’.o The orientation of the sheet, either ‘Upright’ or ‘Upside down’.There are thus many ways of pasting up the sheets, but to display the billboard image correctly Sheets A to D must be pasted upright in Locations 1 to 4, respectively. Any other arrangement will display the image incorrectly. Not all of the data sets mention all four sheets. If there is no instruction for a particular sheet then it should not be drawn at all.

The template file also contains a dummy function definition, paste_up. Your task is to complete this function definition so that when called with a data set as its argument it draws the sheets at the locations and in the orientations specified. The function must work for any of the given data sets or any other similar data sets in the same format.Illustrative exampleHere we present a sample solution to illustrate the requirement. (You should not copy our example! Develop your own idea! Be imaginative!)Firstly you will need to design each of the four distinct rolled paper “sheets” that collectivelyform your image. In our case we have created the following four sheets, as shown below in their upright orientations.Sheet A: Sheet B:Sheet C: Sheet D:Each of the four sheets must contain a non-trivial image clearly distinct from all the others, regardless of their orientation, i.e., no sheet can be identical to another when turned upside down. Also, the images must be asymmetric so that it’s easy to tell which way up the sheet has been pasted. When arranged correctly the four sheets must align precisely to produce a single composite picture.Although it’s difficult to specify the artistic requirements for this assignment, given the wide range of images that could be drawn, it’s expected the assembled picture will involve several different shapes and colours and must be immediately recognisable. Simple geometric shapes would not be considered sufficiently challenging. Similarly, four unrelated images, one per sheet, would be unacceptable.

In the Python template file there are several data sets in the form of lists, each describing a particular way of pasting up one or more sheets. For instance, one of the simplest such lists is the one at index 12 in our data set, which is as follows:This list tells us that we are required to paste Sheet B in Location 3 in its upright orientation. When our paste_up function is called with this list as the argument it produces the billboard displayed below.Another such data set is the one at index 36, as follows.In this case Sheet D is to be pasted in Location 1, but upside down, and Sheet C is pasted in Location 4, in its correct orientation, which produces the following billboard.Other data sets require all four sheets to be pasted up. For instance, the data set at index 47 specifies that four sheets must be displayed, but two are upside down as shown overleaf.

The final two data sets require all four sheets to be drawn, in their correct locations and orientations.The very last data set provided, at index 52, produces the correct billboard layout.This data set pastes all four sheets upright and in locations that correctly complete the image, as shown below, finally revealing that our billboard displays the old AMPOL logo (see Appendix2). We have also given the drawing canvas a title, describing the billboard.